Bettina-ayse (#221)
pymanga/pyMANGA: Documentation/ProjectFile/MangaProject/tree_dynamics/belowground_competition/SoilWaterContent/c_SoilWaterContent.md

> SimpleTest belowground competition concept. This concept returns a 1 for each tree added to it. No further tags required.

Author: ```suggestion
SoilWaterContent belowground competition concept. This concept returns a number between 0 and 1 for each tree added to it depending on the soil water content. Description in ODD Heinermann et al 2023.
```
